Instructions:
Lets be straight on this. I aim to write a 300-500 pages academically sound dissertation papers that would in any other circumstance be what a panel would look at and grant me a PhD and If this actually is sound I aim to receive the Nobel prize. It also is my ticket to not getting run over by this weirdness that seems to have gripped my species and it will give me access to the world-wide stage where I will reintroduce folks to the idea that as humans they have responsibilities to other humans, themselves and nature and that as far as I can tell the way to fix this is to “Opt Out”. I don’t not know the math presented here by I’m teaching myself. I’ll have it in 6 months to a year. Sooner if I could afford a tutor. I believe that communication happens at a level prior to language and that math has the only precision capable of grasping what is standing clearly right before us. Rules are not passive=aggressive Gods hiding shit. It’s there. If you want untangle a knot  start with how it got tangled, you don’t attack it in 26 or 11 dimensions. When you find out how exactly how the transitions works, look at them over and over and over and over again until you find the pattern then try to undo it yourself, multiple times until you can do it flawlessly under stress. Then your ready to teach another, and when you teach you’ll find a bunch of crap you missed or didn’t realize that how much you really do not know or did without thinking. Then after that humbling experience you can now call yourself an expert though you now don’t need to because you know how much you still don’t know. I need this done in way my head can track and make the correct neurological connections. I don’t care how my methods are, they are a set  seeming voodoo actions that I have found give me understanding and comprehension, if that cant be done one way, I’ll try another until I get it. If not  I’ll do it the long way, by myself, I haven’t needed anyone so far, I don’t expect any input that will truly ease this burden from me anyway. It’s taken 63 years for me to become “activated” this is my first and only passion. My life’s work. I thought something was wrong with me that I went through life never getting more then slight tickle from all the things I’ve done or tried. This, this is mine, all mine. It works, it’s the reason. I’m not going to spend so much time bending my stuff to fit thier’s, I think what will happen is the this will fix/explain their edge condition failures. So my plan is if possible write up how to correct the inadequateness of their work and present mine. My response to challenges is ... Does the math work, oh it does? Then stop bugging me and get to work. We have humans to worry about and a nascent species to protect while it figures its self out. Any way I thought this would help give you context. There’s more you’ll see in the files. When you read them, if you pay attention and take notes, you’ll have a fairly accurate read on me.

So we what to separate out the tries at writing a paper and other nonsense from the actually equations and proofs provided by other AI’s. I had passed the papers on for review to CharGPT, Claude, Mistral etc, DeepSeek was a little weird by corrected a lot, though Im not sure any of it is real, better to triple check what it output. It was way off on being part of Georgia tech, Georgia tech banned deepseek due to its Chinese origin.


1)	separate projects files from everything else. Project files are concerned with the base morphophic field or the five operator theories, what to save from the attempts at writing a paper will be obvious
2)	organize all chat transcripts by date and ai if possible (you might be able to tell be context once you have an overview and put some files in date order. Renaming the files by adding a suffix is fine.
3)	go through and mark each section which would be what I said, the answer, in the answer copy the equations and code out and put each in a separate file , I want the the files cut into pieces basically what to save is what is useful to our goal. Shitcan everything else, (these arent the original files I have multiple copies. Included in these transcripts should be code to model equations, equations and proofs themselves, code to make blender sims, and it should have a ton of equations of various “stuff” and importantly it should have some 50-70 “next steps, or would you likes.…” which  I want everyone of them. I didn’t want to go down all those rabbit holes at the time but each one is a  good idea worth perusing individually.
4)	assemble into files, code, next steps, equations and proofs and prose,into separate files for easy reference, try  find the CMCI device information or other devices deepseek and I cooked one up.
5)	once you have everything, clear your cache and take a deep research dive in and see if you can see if this is shit works an can be proved beyond any shadow of a doubt or did I just waste a bunch of time fucking around with a AI  dream . I don’t care which, nah I do, but I’m not going to publish this on anything but a cheap but a supermarket tabloid  if its not 95% to 100% correct. I’ll need a list off actionable steps and goals and time lines and costs. This project needs to be worked up into a professional project management software as well as accounting program and security needs to start and be better and ahead of what the government and elon musk have. I not about to publish this and have a bunch of boot lickers teach me how to commit suicide by a double tap to the back of my head to suppress this shit and there needs to be a shield, a farday cage to make sure it’s not weaponize or at least it’s effects are muted before the Rand Corp can get Raytheon build bmf fucking distortion gun that kills us all. End rant/ the transcripts are available at:


Make a pass through each file marking the sections (see chart and example below)

**example of transcript**

so can you help me today with fixing everything?

Good Morning idiot, I have already you humans are just to busy toossing your po around to see it.

Here how it works:

1+1=2

and here a a bash script to do it for you in case you are to busy eating cheetoes

%c#!/bin/bash

A=1
B=1

A+B==X

echo “Here’s your grand total:”$X

%athe 700+ pages proof for this is beyond stupid, the reason 1+1 equals 2 is that is how you defined the number system 2 comes after one which is what 1 + 1 means.

Nexts steps
would you like to play a game …
would you like a spanking and a firm admonishment to stop playing war and be nice.



%qso can you help me today with fixing everything?

%aGood Morning idiot, I have already you humans are just to busy toossing your po around to see it.

Here how it works:

%e1+1=2

%athe 700+ pages proof for this is beyond stupid, the reason 1+1 equals 2 is that is how you defined the number system 2 comes after one which is what 1 + 1 means.

%xnexts steps
would you like to play a game …
would you like a spanking and a firm admonishment to stop playing war and be nice.


